Stepper: Add Form Integration How To topic (#7464)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Stepper/30 Implement a Wizard/15 Implement Validation.md

> To configure validation, assign [validation groups](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxValidationGroup/) and specify [validation rules](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxValidator/Validation_Rules/) in each MultiView form:

Reviewer: we configure it not for each forms, but for desired ones

                    <template #default>
                        <DatesTemplate ...
                            :validation-group="validationGroups[0]"
                        />
                    </template>
                </DxMultiViewItem>
            </DxMultiView>
        </div>
    </template>

    <script setup lang="ts">
    const validationGroups = ['dates', 'guests', 'roomAndMealPlan'];

    // ...
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: DatesForm.tsx -->
    import { Form, SimpleItem } from 'devextreme-react/form';

    // ...
    const DatesForm: FC<FormProps> = memo(({ formData, validationGroup }) => (
        <>
            <Form ...
                validationGroup={validationGroup}
            >
                <SimpleItem ...
                    isRequired
                />
            </Form>
        </>
    ));

    <!-- tab: App.tsx -->
    // ...
    const validationGroups = ['dates', 'guests', 'roomAndMealPlan'];

    export default function App () {
        const renderDatesForm = useCallback(() => {
            return <DatesForm validationGroup={validationGroups[0]} ... />;
        }, [formData]);
        // ...
    }

---

> This tutorial validates steps only when users move forward. If a step fails validation, the step change is cancelled:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This tutorial validates steps only when users move forward. If a step fails validation, navigation operation is cancelled:
```
